# Services Plugin for Google QSB

A [Google Quick Search Box][qsb] plugin to enable access to the [Services
menu][services].

## Usage

* Hit you QSB keyboard shortcut.
* Find an object to invoke a service on, like a file, a URL or some text, and
  *Tab* into that object.  
  *[Hint: To get a text object, type an initial space.]*
* Type the name of the service you want to summon.
* Hit enter to perform the service on the object you found before.

Services will only become available when they can accept the data QSB would
provide them. Services that don’t accept any input data can be invoked without
providing any.

## Installation Instructions

After extracting the plugin, you will find a bundle called `Services.hgs`.
Copy this bundle to `~/Library/Application Support/Google/Quick Search
Box/PlugIns`, then restart QSB.

If you built the plugin from source (described below), you will find the
`Services.hgs` bundle in your `build` directory.

## Build Instructions

Building this plugin requires that you set up two source trees in Xcode. You
will have to have the QuickSearchBox source tree downloaded to your machine.
Instructions on getting the QSB source tree can be found here:
http://code.google.com/p/qsb-mac/source/checkout

To set up the source trees in Xcode:

1. Go to "Xcode>Preferences" and click on the "Source Trees" icon.
2. Click on the "Plus" button on the left hand side of the window.
3. Set the "Setting Name" of your new tree to `QSBBUILDROOT`
4. Set the "Display Name" to `QSBBUILDROOT`
5. Set the path to the debug build directory for QSB. For me the path looks 
   like this `~/src/QuickSearchBox/QSB/build/Debug`. If you use a common build
   directory or some other customized build location, you will have to set it
   here.
6. Click on the "Plus" button again
7. Set the "Setting Name" of your new tree to `QSBSRCROOT`
8. Set the "Display Name" to `QSBSRCROOT`
9. Set the path to the root directory for QSB. For me the path looks 
   like this `~/src/QuickSearchBox`.

The plugin should now build cleanly.

You should only have to add the source trees to Xcode the first time you 
build a QSB plugin.

If you are developing plugins, please join our mailing list:
http://groups.google.com/group/qsb-mac-dev

[qsb]: http://code.google.com/p/qsb-mac/
[services]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Services_menu
